README.md, before:

sprawlCalc

Issue Log:

9/21/2018
one of the error handles is not working right so I commented that out, for now. I started to include the hard mode modifyer but its not performing correctly. It needs to check to see which of the 4 districts types is highest and zero out the other three, but its keeping the first district (residential) and zeroing out the others regardless of what the value is. (its a check box at the moment, might try a independant button later)

9/19/2018
**Resolved** Trying to calculate district totals.
In the .htm file, the first 4 input boxes are supose to be evaluated by the button and placed into the 5th box, but nothing apears. Not quite sure where the hang up is because my text editor, nor crome console has flagged any error.

**Resolved** In the process of error handling, I have come across a curious bug. When evaluating multiple numbers for the 'Town Condition' values.
Entering a sequence of '1,1,9' for example will display the appropriate erorr message, but then will overwrite the '9' with a '1' for some unknown reason.

Intent of program/code:

Sprawlopolis just released from its kickstarter campaign and Its a beast to score.
It has several elements to how the game scores.

The game has a target score. the target score are 3 cards chosen to be separated from the deck and the number in the circles are added together, this is the players target score. Match or beat, you win.

There are also conditions that may help or hinder a player from reaching the above goal.
a few are as follows.

A. Town conditions stated on the 3 cards that make up the target score.
B. Largest district sizes, one for residential(orange),commercial(blue),industrial(grey),recreational(green).
C. the number of roads within the city. Its unavoidable to have them so the fewer number of them the better your score might be.
D. If playing with the KS stretch goal cards, those affect the score of the players as well. 

Obviously, the toughest element to count within the score are the number of roads in the town. 
the smaller ones are easier to count, but the ones spanning multiple cards could be tough.
My thought is to cover the roads with somethign such as pennies or dice as you are counting so you dont count the same road multiple times.

The main intent of this program, is to be a dedicated calculator for the end game. yeah, it came with a
postcard as a KS stretch goal that you can use a dry erase marker, but who is going to carry that around in their pocket?

intended input fields: the 3 town conditions, the 4 districts and roads.
CTE optional fields: the construction zone cards, the district boost card, wrecktaur. 
checkbox input: hard mode selector.

Commit message:

Added instructions to reset the data fields

README.md, after:

sprawlCalc

Intent of program/code:

Sprawlopolis just released from its kickstarter campaign and Its a beast to score.
It has several elements to how the game scores.

The game has a target score. the target score are 3 cards chosen to be separated from the deck and the number in the circles are added together, this is the players target score. Match or beat, you win.

There are also conditions that may help or hinder a player from reaching the above goal.
a few are as follows.

A. Town conditions stated on the 3 cards that make up the target score.
B. Largest district sizes, one for residential(orange),commercial(blue),industrial(grey),recreational(green).
C. the number of roads within the city. Its unavoidable to have them so the fewer number of them the better your score might be.
D. If playing with the KS stretch goal cards, those affect the score of the players as well. 

Obviously, the toughest element to count within the score are the number of roads in the town. 
the smaller ones are easier to count, but the ones spanning multiple cards could be tough.
My thought is to cover the roads with somethign such as pennies or dice as you are counting so you dont count the same road multiple times.

The main intent of this program, is to be a dedicated calculator for the end game. yeah, it came with a
postcard as a KS stretch goal that you can use a dry erase marker, but who is going to carry that around in their pocket?

intended input fields: the 3 town conditions, the 4 districts and roads.
CTE optional fields: the construction zone cards, the district boost card, wrecktar. 
checkbox input: hard mode selector.

9/30/2018 I added a reset feature(s), double clicking any of the buttons will reset the data fields.
